---
layout: page
permalink: /teaching/
title: Teaching
description: 
nav: true
titletop: false
nav_order: 6
---

### ECE-460N: Computer Architecture.
#### Semesters Taught/Teaching: Spring 2024
#### Course Overview: [Computer Architecture Syllabus](https://utdirect.utexas.edu/apps/student/coursedocs/courses/nlogon/download/13550699/)
This is an undergraduate course that introduces the fundamentals of how computers work.
The objective of the course is to offer a comprehensive understanding of instruction set architecture and microarchitecture. The instruction set architecture serves as a contract between the software and the hardware, whereas the microarchitecture refers to the implementation or computer organization. The course aims to cover topics at both these levels to enable students how the executables generated by compiling (translating from a human-friendly format to a machine-understandable format) their high-level programs are executed on a computer. We will discuss the trade-offs involved in processor designs and different approaches used by architects to improve performance of computing systems. 


### ECE-382V: Introduction to Quantum Computing Systems: From A Software and Architecture Perspective. 
#### Semesters Taught/Teaching: Fall 2023, Fall 2024
#### Course Overview: [Introduction to Quantum Computing Systems: From A Software and Architecture Perspective](https://utdirect.utexas.edu/apps/student/coursedocs/courses/nlogon/download/12950064/)
Quantum computers promise to speedup many important applications, some of which are almost impossible to solve even on the world’s most powerful supercomputers in a reasonable amount of time. Today, quantum computers with a few hundred qubits are already available, and qubit counts are expected to cross a few thousands in the coming years. Quantum computing is an interdisciplinary field with topics ranging from applications and algorithms to programming, compilers, systems, architecture, and physical devices. This course will focus on the architecture and software stack that translates the mathematical properties of quantum states that algorithms rely on into state changes on the physical qubits, much like how general-purpose computers require compilers, micro-architecture, and system-level solutions for functionality and high performance. 